Now with the life cycle methods all your elements explained it should be clear why append child causes
an error here in the constructor the element has been created but it has not been added to the DOM yet
and therefore trying to append a child which tries to append it to the real Dom will fail.
Instead you should add D connected callback method here and make sure you spelled is right because the
browser will look for exactly that method spelled exactly like that.
It is case sensitive so make sure you have a capital C in there but a lowercase c at the beginning.
And now we can grab all that code here.
Well we want to append a child to where we create the child.
We can move that into the connected callback but with that no ever changes.
If I now save dead it then reload this page.
Now you see we get no error and we see our question mark be rendered here at the beginning.
Now obviously it's added in front of our web components text and not offer it and that is not the place
where we want to have it.
I'll come back to how it ends up there later but at least you can see we can now render something without
errors and the key takeaway which already shows a little bit of the use.
Custom components give us is that this question mark is not part of our H2 Matlab markup here but it's
really something that is controlled by our web component and again will add more usefulness to that
and more features over the next lectures.
But this is now a crucial first step and it's all important to understand that we are using the connected
callback here because we are accessing the Dom and our element has only been mounted onto the real Dom.
When this method gets called.